Telcel has been characterized by
constant modernization of his
infrastructure what has allowed it
be the pioneer in telecommunications
in Mexico since the installation of its network
analogous in 1989 through which
he offered voice service in 1994
technology implemented where emea
the quality is considerably improved
in the voice service offering
smaller devices for the
mobile communication in 2002 with gsm it
introduce the chip to all
devices and the era of
mobile data transfer and
Value- added services like games
and music among others in 2008
Telcel went a step further by launching the network
3g with smart equipment doing
possible internet access for all
now telcel evolves its 4g network lte the
most advanced technology worldwide
that allows you a better experience
to download play files
videos make video calls on high
definition and more all at the same time
with the real 4g network you can have
speeds of 20 megabits per second
the speed of data transfer
in 2 it was up to 236 kilobits per
second with 3 that the connection is 4
megabits per second and now with 4g lte
we have a speed of up to 20
megabits per second that you require to
live the experience of sel 4g lte al
being a new technology is necessary
have a team and a chip 4g lte
as an initial offer you can acquire
any of the following equipment
motorola race or hd samsung galaxy s2 lte
nokia lumia lte 900 are history there is a
jaguey acp1 lte samsung galaxy s3 lte
samsung galaxy tablet lte away usb modem
39 7 v 501
let's talk about coverage
telcel will initially offer you the
4g lte coverage in nine cities and
during the first four months of 2013
in 26 cities thus covering 65% of
the national population
with 4g lte you will always have the best
data experience and still having a
team you will have coverage in more than
185,000 populations supported by
3g coverage if the sel network is
fast now it's faster with 4g lte the
greater coverage at maximum speed